1. Project status
Each weekly project status report must include the following sections, with each section written in bullet points:
High level goal. Describe in one line the overarching goal of your next release, which may take multiple weeks to achieve. Example: Develop frontend to backend working software for the Beta Release, showcasing feature X. This serves to keep everyone aligned with the overall vision to which you're working.
Original goals for the week. This section should be an exact copy of the last section from last week (i.e., goals from a week ago). It can be empty for the first week.
Progress and issues. Report on progress and issues: what you did, what worked, what you learned, where you had trouble, and where you are blocked.
Questions for the product owner. List any questions for your TA to be discussed in your Thursday project meeting.
Goals for next week. Outline your plans and goals for the following week. Each bullet point should include a measurable task and a time estimate (no longer than a week). We recommend that you label these with the student(s) who is responsible for the item.
Each weekly status report must be committed to your project git repository inside a top-level directory called Status Reports. Each weekly report should be in its own file named projectname-YYYYMMDD, using the date of the report, and be committed each Wednesday by 11:59pm. We recommend using a markdown doc for your report, which is most popular with github, however you may use a filetype of your choice.

- High Level goal: Start coding on each of the api to get the beta product working. We would like to show the product building testcases and verifying each functions.
- Original goal: Decide on the architecture and find useful documents to read. Set up overall structure for front end, back end, databse so everyone can start coding each api.
- Progress and issues: We have built the basic architecture to build our product. All of us in the team has read the documentation, and have a brief understanding of the project. Obstacles are fully understanding each function and how each framework will connect with each other.
- Questions: What does the software components mean? 
- Goals for the next week: Starting coding on the front end to get the basic UI ready. Hoping to start implementing some of the back end so it can provide useful testcases.
